honorable service is comes in a variety of different forms, I'd say, kind
of like the judicial system. The initial idea is that you're going
to serve honorably. People do that in different ways. You know, the
default is that you're going to serve in your career and you're going
to get out whenever you get out where there's 20 years or five
years and you're going to get an honorable that a non arable discharge,
that's that's the expectation. If you want to go further in that
and think about what's what constitutes serving honorably, I think
that is almost an unanswerable question. Other than saying, How did
you treat the people around you? You know, our were the people you worked
with, whether their peers, superiors or subordinates. I mean,
did they leave you feeling as though they had a bad taste in their mouth?
Did you help them? Did you think about ways to make their lives
better? Did you know when it was appropriate to discipline them? You
know, holding the standard with regard to respect and really anything
is probably the most honorable thing you can do when that slips,
you know, that's when you start getting into a nebulous world that
is is not taken leads us, um, difficult situations. There are so many
examples of specifically commanding officers, but it is not limited
to them. I have done things that you can't believe they've done.
You know, the that person was selected to be a leader, a very small
group of people, relatively speaking, And then they've done. They've
decided they have made decisions and choices, or they have kept things
hidden that they shouldn't have, and you would definitely call them
that, in a sense, desirable. But it's likely because they made choices
early on. That kind of skirted the rules. That's an opinion.
But I think that to be true, if you're willing to skirt, skirt the rules
on small things, it doesn't automatically mean you're going to
skirt the rules on big things. But it makes it maybe perhaps more likely,
you're more comfortable with it. So simply put, serving honorably
is maintaining a standard which can be very boring. But that's really
how I would define it.